Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which classmates did you consult with while working on this assignment?
Jordan Liebich, Annie
- Which session(s) of TA / office hours did you attend?
Sunday 9/24 at 7:19 PM
- What are your initial impressions of Java? 
Java is definitely unlike other languages I have done before. I was surprised though that functions in Java are defined in the same way as they are in R. I am not super confident yet, and I think this is partly because I am unfamiliar with Java methods and how some things you can do in Python you can't do in Java and vice versa. Over all, it feels like an intuitive language that is fun to experiment with but that I will definitely need to take a lot of time to get more comfortable with. 
- Can you draw any conclusion about programming in general from the similarities or the differences between the two languages? 
There is a lot of logic involved. With Python and Java, and most languages I imagine, either something is true or it isn't, at least for the specific iteration you are in. You have to tell the program what to look for and how to respond exactly, so you need to be able to follow the logical flow of things to undersand what it is outputting. It can be really frustrating when you know what the problem is but you're not sure how to fix it, and the code isn't going to just fix itself. 
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
Talking to people definitely helped me out a lot. I think that for one, it helped me to feel like I wasn't alone in being confused or having questions. I appreciated the opportunities to talk to my classmates and see the different ways people were approaching the issue and think about how I wanted to approach it or where my approach was failing. I started pretty early, and the mirror words took the most time by far. I was struggling a lot with it, but talking to my classmates helped me figure out a method that I think works pretty well and be able to move on to the other parts. I am happy with this code given that it is my first Java program and I'm very pleased with it's output, but, just like the last assignment, I think that I tend to take a sort of convoluted path. I want to improve my skills with shortening code to be just as efficient but take up less lines. Additionally, I am still not fully comfortable with my commenting, as I never know what is too obvious to include and what isn't. The Javadoc header comments were also confusing for me and I'm not sure how well I completed them since everything is in main and I'm not sure what arguments/variables/objects need to be explained in the header versus as comments throughout the code. 
My advice to someone taking this course in the future would be to start early. Even though something like searching through strings and replacing certain words with another may sound simple, the actual process can be really difficult (at least, it was for me) and can give you less time to work on other parts of the project that may be even more challenging. I would also say to not be afraid to ask classmates for help, as everyone is in the same boat of wanting to create programs that function well and efficiently, even if some people may work faster than others. 
